Use connections locally (#3225)
astronomer/docs: astro/organization-settings.md

## Update your Organization name

Your Organization name is a human-readable name that appears in the Cloud UI and in the Astro CLI. Updating your Organization name is a cosmetic change that has no affect on any unique Organization information, such as your Organization ID or short name, which persists for the lifetime of the Organization.

1. In the Cloud UI, click your Workspace name in the upper left corner, then click **Organization Settings**. This opens the **General** Organization page.
2. In the **Organization Detail** section, click **Edit Details**.
3. Give your Organization a new **Organization Name**, then click **Update Organization**.

## Configure environment secrets fetching for the Astro Environment Manager

> When members of your Organization test an Astro project using the Astro CLI, they can pull connections configured in the [Astro Environment Manager](#create-and-link-connections) to their local Airflow environment based on their Workspace credentials. See [Import and export Airflow connections and variables](cli/local-connections.md#from-the-cloud-ui) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When members of your Organization create a local Airflow environment using the Astro CLI, they can pull connections configured in the [Astro Environment Manager](#create-and-link-connections) based on their Workspace credentials. This enables users to share connection details between Astro and their local Airflow environments and avoid creating connections twice. See [Import and export Airflow connections and variables](cli/local-connections.md#from-the-cloud-ui) for more details.
```

Is this doc the right one or should it link to the new one?
